I bah
Just a wimp like Yiqiu
The mud can't support the wall, and there is still money to buy things
My husband has changed it.
Did you know that dogs can't stop eating shit?
I mean you
Dressed so much
Are you trying to seduce the male employees in our factory?
Zhao Lili, I'm too lazy to talk to you.
If you don't want to seduce men
Why are you so dressed up?
People like you?
You don't deserve to dress like this in our factory
You only deserve to wear rags, you know?
Zhao Lili, why do you always bully people like this?
People talk well
Why are you always looking for trouble?
Mind your own business
Don't talk too much
You do your own thing
Otherwise, you will look good.
You mean you?
Dress like this fox
Are you just trying to seduce men?
Seduce who?
Just your little thought?
Sima Zhaoxin has long been known by passers-by
You just want to seduce Manager Bai
What are you talking about?
Who wants to seduce Manager Bai?
How many times have I seen it?
Manager Bai's eyes are glued to you and can't get down
You still don't admit it
It was you, the slutty fox, who took the initiative to seduce